com/example/android/camera2basic/InstructionActivity.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.InstructionActivity
com/example/android/camera2basic/SectionsPageAdapter.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.SectionsPageAdapter
com/example/android/camera2basic/HeartRateFragment.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.HeartRateFragment
com/example/android/utils/EndlessRecyclerOnScrollListener.java
 com.example.android.utils.EndlessRecyclerOnScrollListener
com/example/android/camera2basic/SignalProcessing.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.SignalProcessing
com/example/android/camera2basic/ImageProcessing.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.ImageProcessing
com/example/android/db/DatabaseManager.java
 com.example.android.db.DatabaseManager
com/example/android/camera2basic/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.BuildConfig
com/example/android/ui/activity/AppCompatPreferenceActivity.java
 com.example.android.ui.activity.AppCompatPreferenceActivity
com/example/android/camera2basic/HRVFragment.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.HRVFragment
 com.example.android.camera2basic.HRVFragment$1
 com.example.android.camera2basic.HRVFragment$2
 com.example.android.camera2basic.HRVFragment$3
 com.example.android.camera2basic.HRVFragment$4
com/example/android/camera2basic/HistoryResultActivity.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.HistoryResultActivity
com/example/android/utils/ScrollAwareFABBehavior.java
 com.example.android.utils.ScrollAwareFABBehavior
 com.example.android.utils.ScrollAwareFABBehavior$1
 com.example.android.utils.ScrollAwareFABBehavior$2
com/example/android/camera2basic/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/example/android/ui/viewmodel/NavigationViewModel.java
 com.example.android.ui.viewmodel.NavigationViewModel
com/example/android/camera2basic/HanningWindow.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.HanningWindow
com/example/android/camera2basic/CameraFragment.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$1
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$2
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$3
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$4
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$5
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$6
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$7
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$CompareSizesByArea
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$ConfirmationDialog
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$ConfirmationDialog$1
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$ConfirmationDialog$2
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$ErrorDialog
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$ErrorDialog$1
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$GetHeartRate
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraFragment$ImageSaver
com/example/android/camera2basic/AutoFitTextureView.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.AutoFitTextureView
com/example/android/db/AppDatabase.java
 com.example.android.db.AppDatabase
com/example/android/camera2basic/HeartData.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.HeartData
com/example/android/camera2basic/MainActivity.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.MainActivity
com/example/android/db/BgTestDataDao.java
 com.example.android.db.BgTestDataDao
com/example/android/camera2basic/ResultsActivity.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.ResultsActivity
com/example/android/camera2basic/MyDBHandler.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.MyDBHandler
com/example/android/camera2basic/HistoryActivity.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.HistoryActivity
 com.example.android.camera2basic.HistoryActivity$1
com/example/android/camera2basic/CameraActivity.java
 com.example.android.camera2basic.CameraActivity
